Reworked the validator docs and configs (#6140)
iotaledger/iota: docs/content/_snippets/operator/validator-join-monitor.mdx

## 3. Join the Validators

:::info Key Security

The following steps should be executed in the same environment you used while creating the validator keys.

:::

Make sure your validator account created in [Prepare Validator Information](#prepare-validator-information) has enough IOTA to cover the gas costs.

> > **Note:** On the Testnet you can use the Faucet to receive the necessary funds.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::note Tesnet Faucet
On the Testnet you can use the Faucet to receive the necessary funds.
:::
```

> > **Note:** On the Testnet you can use the Faucet to receive the necessary funds.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::note Tesnet Faucet
On the Testnet you can use the Faucet to receive the necessary funds.
:::
```

> Before joining the validators, ensure you have enough delegated stake to join the validators.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before joining the validators, ensure you have enough delegated stake by running the following command:

```

```bash
iota validator display-metadata --json true  | grep stakingPoolIotaBalance
```

> You need at least 2M iota to join the validators (See [Validator Staking Pool Requirements](https://docs.iota.org/about-iota/tokenomics/validators-staking#validator-staking-pool-requirements)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You need [at least 2M iota to join the validators](https://docs.iota.org/about-iota/tokenomics/validators-staking#validator-staking-pool-requirements).
```
